WinUI guide updates (#1022)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/gettingstarted/winui.md

---

# Getting started with WebView2 in WinUI 3 (Preview)  

In this article, get started creating your first WebView2 app with WinUI3 and learn about the main features of [Introduction to Microsoft Edge WebView2 (Preview)][Webview2Index].  For more information on individual APIs, see [API reference][GithubMicrosoftUiXamlSpecsWebview2].  

## Prerequisites  

Ensure you install the following list of pre-requisites before proceeding with the following article.  

1.   Windows 10 version 1803 \(build 17134\) or later.  For more information, see [Windows Update: FAQ][MicrosoftSupport12373].  
2.   [Microsoft Edge (Chromium) Canary channel][MicrosoftedgeinsiderDownload] on Windows 10, Windows 8.1, or Windows 7.  
3.   Visual Studio 2019, version 16.9 Preview.  For more information, see [Windows UI Library 3 Preview 3][WindowsAppsWinui3ConfigureYourDevEnvironment].  

    You must include the following workloads when installing Visual Studio:
    - .NET Desktop Development (this also installs .NET 5)
    - Universal Windows Platform development

    To build C++ apps, you must also include the following workloads:
    - Desktop development with C++

>     - The *C++ (v142) Universal Windows Platform tools* optional component for the Universal Windows Platform workload (see "Installation Details" under the "Universal Windows Platform development" section, on the right pane)

Reviewer: This text isn't formatted correctly. Can you review?

>     - The *C++ (v142) Universal Windows Platform tools* optional component for the Universal Windows Platform workload (see "Installation Details" under the "Universal Windows Platform development" section, on the right pane)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The *C++ (v142) Universal Windows Platform tools* optional component for the Universal Windows Platform workload. For more information,  navigate to Installation Details under the Universal Windows Platform development section, on the right pane.
```

Reviewer: Looks like a link is missing in the last sentence?

> 4.   Make sure your system has a NuGet package source enabled for **nuget.org**. For more information, see [Common NuGet configurations](/nuget/consume-packages/configuring-nuget-behavior).[Windows Community Toolkit](#windows-community-toolkit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.   Make sure your system has a NuGet package source enabled for **nuget.org**. For more information, see [Common NuGet configurations](/nuget/consume-packages/configuring-nuget-behavior) and [Windows Community Toolkit](#windows-community-toolkit).
```

> 5.   Download and install the [WinUI 3 Preview 3 VSIX package](https://aka.ms/winui3/preview3-download). This adds both the WinUI 3 project templates and the NuGet package containing the WinUI 3 libraries to Visual Studio 2019.

Reviewer: Can you replace the aka.ms link?
